Using a web API server for the KDC tool (#3049)
mesosphere/dcos-commons: tools-internal/README.md

> # DC/OS Commons Docker Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tools and scripts that are *NOT* used directly by consumers of dcos-commons
```

> This directory contains the docker files and sources that are required in order to build tool containers used by the DC/OS commons project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `tools` directory, files in this directory are *NOT* to be used directly by consumers of the DC/OS SDK. Examples include:
- docker files and sources that are required in order to build docker containers used by this or other projects
```
